Update scaling-jobs.md (#1144)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.8/concepts/scaling-jobs.md

  minReplicaCount: 10 # Optional. Default: 0
```

The min number of jobs that is created by default. This can be useful to avoid bootstrapping time of new jobs. If minReplicaCount is greater than maxReplicaCount, minReplicaCount will be set to maxReplicaCount.  
  

> All messages will create new jobs - within the limits imposed by maxReplicaCount - in order to reach the state where minReplicaCount jobs are always running.  For example, if one sets minReplicaCount to 2 then there will be 2 jobs running permanently.  If 3 new messages are sent, 2 of those messages will be processed on the already running jobs.  A minimum of 2 new jobs will be created in order to fulfill the desired state dictated by the minReplicaCount parameter that is set to 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All messages will create new jobs - within the limits imposed by maxReplicaCount - in order to reach the state where minReplicaCount jobs are always running.  For example, if one set a minReplicaCount to 2 then there will be 2 jobs running permanently. With a targetValue of 1, if 3 new messages are sent, 2 of those messages will be processed on the already running jobs but another 3 jobs will be created in order to fulfill the desired state dictated by the minReplicaCount parameter that is set to 2.
```

WDYT? I reckon that it's more clear about what happens

Reviewer 2: Agreed!
